DIANTHA: A Kalos disaster...
OLYMPIA: What form it will take
is not clear. But still, I
thought it would be best to warn
you, as the vision I had showed
the swirling green flame
consuming everyone and
everything. It will affect
people and Pokémon alike
throughout the
entire Kalos region.
DIANTHA: And you say.Ash and his
friends are somehow involved.
DIANTHA: I'd like to please
ask you just one more thing.
DIANTHA: What is the
deep green eye you saw?
OLYMPIA: What I
foresaw was this. Behold!
DIANTHA: Could it be. Zygarde?!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: As our heroes head
toward Snowbelle City and
Ash's eighth Kalos Gym battle,
he and Greninja are working hard
to learn about staying in
control when experiencing
Greninja's mysterious powers.
ASH: Ready?
ASH: Let's go!
ASH: It's pretty hard to
dodge anything when you're
moving this fast...
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
ASH: Oh, I get it!
So that's how you
can dodge like that! Yeah!
ASH: [DODGING]
ASH: All right,
I can do it, too!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: And that, too!
GRENINJA:
[EXERTION] [QUESTIONING]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Hey, thanks. I need to
do more of this. Then I can
learn.to control that power!
ASH: Let's keep going.
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: They're
taking such a long time...
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: Leave it to
Ash to come up with a training
strategy to become a Pokémon.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Training hard is
fine. But I really wish he
wouldn't overdo it.
BONNIE: Yay! They're back!
SERENA/CLEMONT/PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: And Greninja wins!
SERENA: You can do it,
Ash! Just a little more!
BONNIE: Ash comes in second!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: I guess.
Oh MAN.Greninja's too fast...
PIKACHU: [AMUSED]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: Ash, here.
ASH: That's great. Thank you.
CLEMONT: So Ash, does it feel
like you're catching up to
Greninja a little?
ASH: Yeah! I really think I am,
even though it's just
a little bit at a time.
ASH/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: What's that?
PILOT: Are you
certain that those are the ones?
DIANTHA: Yes.
PILOT: All right,
I'll take us down.
KATHI LEE: We've got a
commercial to shoot right after
this, so take care, okay?
Don't hurt yourself, please!
DIANTHA: Our altitude is
low enough. Pick me up later!
KATHI LEE: All right, Diantha!
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: Are you all right?
DIANTHA: No problems whatsoever!
SQUISHY: [SCARED HIDING]
DIANTHA: Long time, no see!
SERENA/ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
Diantha!
KATHI LEE: Don't forget
to be careful and try
to stay in one piece!
ASH: Diantha,
what are you doing here?
CLEMONT:
Is everything all right?
DIANTHA: I just
heard Olympia's prediction.
DIANTHA: . so I
dropped in to see all of you..
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
JAMES: We follow the
Twerps and whom do we find?
MEOWTH: None other than Kalos
League Champion and famous movie
superstar, the
lovely and talented Diantha!
JESSIE: Such popularity.Beauty.
Incredible acting ability!
JESSIE: But,
compared to me.it's teensy.
JESSIE: Not even
worth competing against!
JESSIE: Got a
problem with that?!
WOBBUFFET: [DENYING]
CLEMONT:
You mean the Kalos crisis?
DIANTHA: Right. So I
started researching everything
I could find.
DIANTHA: Look.
SERENA: What's that?
DIANTHA: It's an island.
Once teeming with nature.
SERENA/CLEMONT/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING] ASH: Are you sure?
DIANTHA: Yes. And it's not the
only one. This is happening all
over the Kalos region.
CLEMONT: But what could it be?!
DIANTHA: So far, we're not
entirely sure. But if this
phenomenon is the crisis Olympia
mentioned in her prediction,
then Zygarde may
already be on the move...
ASH: Zygarde?!
DIANTHA: It's a Pokémon...
JESSIE: Could that be...
JAMES: The one that those goons
with the goofy eyewear wanted!
JESSIE/MEOWTH: Yeah.
DIANTHA: Zygarde, the Order
Pokémon. They say it lives deep
in caves. And when there's a
crisis, Zygarde appears with a
mission. A mission to
protect.the entire Kalos region.
ASH: Wow,
the whole Kalos region...
SERENA: That's Zygarde...
CLEMONT: Of course. The crisis!
OLYMPIA: I saw disaster
approaching soon. And your fates
are all connected
to that threat.
CLEMONT: She said
somehow we're all involved.
DIANTHA: That's right. I was
concerned, so I came to see you.
I'm wondering, has anything
odd been going on lately?
BONNIE/PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: THAT'S IT!
BONNIE: Ash's Greninja
does something amazing!
DIANTHA: That really happened?
CLEMONT: Olympia
mentioned it as well.
OLYMPIA: However, I do know
this. It will reach new
heights that no one has ever
seen before! And the two of you
will reach
those new heights together.
DIANTHA: Greninja and Ash...
DIANTHA: So Ash?
Do you think you could show me?
ASH/ PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
GARDEVOIR: [APPEARING]
DIANTHA: Let's battle.
You and Greninja against
me and Gardevoir!
DIANTHA: I want to see
what Greninja can do with
my very own eyes.
ASH: Okay, you're on! I'd jump
at the chance to battle with
you, Diantha! Let's show
her what we can do, 'kay?
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
JAMES:
This could be good for us.
MEOWTH: If we get an opening,
we might end up nabbing a
magnificent
Mega‐Evolving Gardevoir!
JESSIE: She'll never be as good
as I am, so we'll just have to
hope those two lightweights
can put up a heavyweight brawl!
JAMES: Right. Beating them
should be a piece of cake.
MEOWTH: Hope it's got frosting.
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
DIANTHA: Oh, what's that, Ash?
ASH: Clemont's new invention!
CLEMONT: It's a Battle
Pulse Meter and it tells us how
closely Ash and
Greninja are synchronized.
CLEMONT: Those measurements are
then sent to my Clembot Mini,
who converts
them into a hologram!
CLEMONT: By watching the red and
blue waveforms, we are then
able to observe Ash and
Greninja's changes in real time!
DIANTHA: I'm impressed.
ASH: Greninja? The last time I
battled against Diantha, Team
Rocket messed things up before
her Gardevoir Mega Evolved!
ASH: But we've done an awful
lot of battling since then!
ASH: This time, we'll win!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ASH: We're all ready
to go, Diantha!
DIANTHA: Great!
DIANTHA: Ash,
you have the honor!
ASH: 'Kay. Aja, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CLEMONT: That's incredible.
SERENA: They can communicate
using just their eyes!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH: Use Cut and don't stop!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVES]
ASH: Now Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ASH: It dodged everything!
GRENINJA: [PANTING]
ASH: This is just like before...
Gardevoir's too fast.
We can't get in there!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: Diantha's so tough.
CLEMONT: She's the Champion.
They're not taking any damage
without a real fight!
BONNIE: You can do it, Ash!
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING]
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
DIANTHA: Greninja's been trained
well, but I don't sense
any difference from other
Greninja... Now it's our turn.
DIANTHA: Shadow Ball, let's go!
GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
SERENA: It moved!
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
ASH: Quick, Greninja,
use Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: All right!
DIANTHA: Use Shadow Ball
again and sweep them
away them quickly!
GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
GRENINJA: [SHOCKED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED] [EXERTION]
ASH: Greninja! Are you okay?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Yeah, that's the spirit!
CLEMONT:
No change to the waves...
ASH: Use Water
Shuriken over and over!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
GRENINJA: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: They saw it coming...
DIANTHA: All right, Moonblast!
GARDEVOIR: [MOONBLAST MOVE]
ASH: Dodge that!
GRENINJA: [DODGE] [IMPACT]
ASH: Greninja!
GRENINJA: [PAINED] [IMPACT]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: Can you go on?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Okay. I've got an idea.
GRENINJA: [PLEASED]
ASH: All right,
Greninja! Use Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [RUNNING]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
GARDEVOIR: [STARTLED]
ASH: Use Cut! Do it now!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GARDEVOIR: [PAINED]
ASH: Way to go, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: It's moving!
DIANTHA: That was a good move.
GARDEVOIR: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Stronger and stronger!
ASH: Here goes!
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ASH/GRENINJA: [SHOUTING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
JAMES/JESSIE:
Would you look at that!
MEOWTH: Man! That's some
kind of crazy Twerp‐fusion!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Diglett!"
ASH: Diantha! You see this?
ASH: It's starting to
happen now! Check it out!
DIANTHA: I was wrong.
I've never seen a Greninja
like this before!
ASH: Use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
DIANTHA: Shadow Ball, go!
GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [ROARING]
GARDEVOIR: [SHOUTING]
DIANTHA: If that makes contact,
it's over for sure...
DIANTHA: Ash and his friends are
always a surprise. but could
that Greninja really be a
part of Olympia's prediction?
This battle
will hopefully answer that.
DIANTHA: Shadow Ball again!
GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Use Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH: Now use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DIANTHA: Quick! Dodge it!
GARDEVOIR: [DODGING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
GARDEVOIR: [PAINED]
SERENA: Greninja sure is fast.
BONNIE: Fast as Gardevoir!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Now we're really gonna
bring it! Use Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
DIANTHA: Gardevoir! Mega Evolve!
GARDEVOIR: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ASH: It finally Mega Evolved.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Diantha and Gardevoir
are really feeling
the pressure now.
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Greninja, way to go!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
ASH: 'Kay, tbattle's just
getting started! The stronger
our opponents are,
the stronger we get! YEAH!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
DIANTHA: Use Shadow Ball!
M GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [IMPACT]
ASH: Use Aerial Ace. Ramp it up!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
DIANTHA: Reflect, go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [ROARING]
BONNIE: So close!
SERENA:
They almost got in there!
PIKACHU: [FRUSTRATED YELLING]
CLEMONT: Now Greninja's
starting to push back!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: Faster. Faster!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
CLEMONT:
These are the strongest yet!
ASH: Double Team, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT: What's going on?
This is incredible!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ASH: Now, Greninja, use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DIANTHA: Reflect, go!
M GARDEVOIR: [REFLECT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [SCREAMING]
M GARDEVOIR: [SHIELDING]
DIANTHA: Shadow Ball, let's go!
M GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Use Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ASH: Stronger. STRONGER!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE YELLING]
ASH: Greninja!
Water Shuriken, now!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
DIANTHA: All right, Shadow Ball!
M GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: LET'S GO!
M GARDEVOIR: [PAINED]
M GARDEVOIR: [IMPACT]
DIANTHA: Gardevoir!
ASH: Greninja, STRONGER!
ASH: Now use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [GASPING]
DIANTHA: What's wrong with Ash?!
SERENA/ PIKACHU: Ash![SCARED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
M GARDEVOIR: [QUESTIONING]
DIANTHA: Now what's going on?!
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
not what, but who!
JAMES: And make it double,
our eyes are on you.
JESSIE: To protect
the world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce
the evils of too much power!
JAMES: To extend our
reach to our finest hour!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for a scene‐stealing fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Team Rocket!
BONNIE: You always
show up at the wrong time!
JAMES: The wrong time for
you is the right time for us!
JESSIE: Listen up, Ms. Diva
Diantha. Let a real actress take
that Mega Gardevoir
off your haughty hands!
MEOWTH: I've got a mega‐strong
rope all ready to keep that Mega
Gardevoir tied up for years!
JAMES: Guaranteed to withstand
any attack, Mega or otherwise!
DIANTHA: You take care of
Ash and I'll take care of this!
SERENA/CLEMONT: Right!
DIANTHA: Don't you dare
underestimate my Gardevoir! Now,
Gardevoir, full power!
M GARDEVOIR: [CALLING]
JESSIE:
A tone‐deaf waste of time!
M GARDEVOIR: [CALLING]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Perhaps we scoffed too soon.
CLEMONT: Incredible.
DIANTHA: Shadow Ball!
M GARDEVOIR: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
JESSIE:
Enough acting for one day!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Up, up and away!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GARDEVOIR: [GASPING]
DIANTHA: Gardevoir!
DIANTHA: You've got to be
exhausted. Take a good rest!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[RELIEVED]
ASH: Where's Greninja?
GRENINJA: [RESPONDING]
ASH: Are you all right?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: That's a relief!
DIANTHA: Ash, are YOU all right?
ASH: Yeah!
CLEMONT: Hold on to me.
ASH: Hey, thanks.
ASH: Guess I passed out again...
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Wow. Today's battle was the
greatest ever. We were really in
sync, weren't we?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: We need to
remember how that felt. Okay?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[QUESTIONING]
DIANTHA: About that power of
yours. I'm not sure if it has
anything to do with the
prediction. but there's no doubt
in my mind that you'll always
be able to work with that power
only for good!
ASH/GRENINJA:
Right![AFFIRMATIVE]
DIANTHA: Maybe the next time
I see you, it will be at the
Kalos League arena!
ASH: Awesome!
I'm gonna win my eighth badge.
I'll be there for sure!
DIANTHA: Until then,
all the best of luck.
ASH: Thanks a lot, Diantha.
DIANTHA: If, in fact, Ash and
his friends have something to do
with the Kalos crisis that
Olympia foresaw, that power must
have something to do with it.
ASH: Greninja!
Water Shuriken, now!
GRENINJA: [ROARING]
DIANTHA: I need to investigate
this even further. To protect
Ash and his friends. and to
protect the entire Kalos region!
XEROSIC: All issues
have been cleared up!
LYSANDRE: That means we
can move forward to the final
stage of our mission!
XEROSIC: Right!
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Squishy, ready to go?
Time for us to get
back on the road again!
ASH: Hey, Greninja? Let's
work hard! Until we can really
control that power, we've
gotta get stronger and stronger!
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: First we'll win at the
Snowbelle Gym and then it's off
to the Kalos League!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Ash is so fired up.
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: He'll be great!
CLEMONT: So why
don't we get on our way?
ASH: All right! Let's get
to the Snowbelle Gym right away!
ASH: We'll win. No doubt.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR: Our heroes are off
again to the Snowbelle City Gym,
where Ash plans to win
his eighth Kalos Gym badge.
What kind of battle will it be?
The answer,
as the journey continues!